---
created: 2023-03-24T11:47:17+05:30
modified: 2023-03-24T11:47:17+05:30
type: Checklist
---

# Shantaram chap 3

- [ ] Constrict - bring together or compressed - she constricted her lips.
- [ ] Penury - a state of extreme poverty or destitution
- [ ] Scrupulous - characterized by extreme care and great effort - arising from a sense of right and wrong, principled.
- [ ] Awnings - a canopy made of canvas to shelter from sun.
- [ ] Claustral - (religious) Courtyard with covered walks - residence that is a place of seclusion.
- [ ] Siege - encircle as a military tactic - surround a fortified place and isolate it while continuing to attack.
- [ ] Wicker - work made of interlaced slender branches.
- [ ] Slither - to pass or move unobtrusively or smoothly.
- [ ] Rasp - uttering in an irritated tone - a coarse file with sharp pointed projections.
- [ ] Bellow - shout loudly without restraint.
- [ ] Croak - utter a hoarse sound (frog like) - lose all bodily functions - she croaked from cancer - kill intentionally.
- [ ] Hemmed - fold over and sew together.
- [ ] Nubble - a small lump or protuberance.
- [ ] Accentuate - single out as important- draw attention to- put stress on.
- [ ] Scowl - frown with displeasure.
- [ ] Unfurl - unfold
- [ ] Gnarl - something twisted and tight and swollen.
- [ ] Calloused - emotionally hardened, deaden feelings - make insensitive - make skin tough through wear and tear.
- [ ] Sleight - adroit in using hands, dextrous 
- [ ] Haggling - an instance of intense argument( esp in bargaining) - wrangle.
- [ ] Gleam - shine bright.
- [ ] Maim - injure or wound or leave permanent disfiguration or mutilation.
- [ ] Virgil - roman poet
- [ ] Temptress - dangerously seductive woman.
- [ ] Flint - showing unfeeling resistance to tender feelings.
- [ ] Wheedling - act of urging by flattery.
- [ ] Cajole - 
